copying over some info on what ADRs are (#236)
madetech/handbook: team-norms/development_practices.md

 - Don't be scared to speak to the customer
 - Involve any other specialists that might be available to you

## Document the decision making process using ADRs

> ADR's are just a formal ways of documenting the decision making process. (ADR stands for Architecture Decision Record)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ADR's are a formal way of documenting the decision-making process. (ADR stands for Architecture Decision Record)
```
